(speaking in foreign language)
- Among all the Buddhas, the Guru Padmasambha is also known as the Buddha of the Degeneration
Times. It's very swift and quick. The Guru Padmasambha is also not just gone in the past
time. It's not just million stories, but it's the Buddha of Now. Buddha of Now. And Guru
Padmasambha continually, to those practicing the devotee persons, Guru Padmasambha appeared
so many ways in the direct preserving state as we went all those different Buddhist stories,
one after another, and how the Guru Padmasambha appeared. And then in the dream, in the vision,
and in the narrative, Guru Padmasambha's support and the blessing inspired all those
practitioners. Not just only the new practitioners, the new masters of the Buddhasans, but all
those great practitioners of the old different schools of the Buddhasans. When we read the
life story of those, each and all those great masters of practitioners, everyone really
said, almost everyone said, how they are inspired, how they are blessed, the powers of Guru Padmas
ambha
are received and they are inspired. So the Guru Padmasambha was not just the Buddha of the past,
but therefore is the Buddha of three times. It's not now. And we have the joy, the devotion in the
field prisons, the practitioners always experience the blessing of the Guru Padmasambha in some way
,
directly, indirectly. And that is the swift power of the Guru Padmasambha. He promised,
he commented with that. He said, as he said, and it was witnessed by all those great practitioners,
or the masters, one after another. So therefore, this Guru Padmasambha is a very special Buddha of
these degenerate times. We all have such a special connection to the Guru Padmasambha. It's not
just
co-accidentally developed, but we all had a beautiful connection to Guru Padmasambha and
that which is rapping and maturing and we should continually act with that and with this devotion,
with these prayers that we learned.
[speaking in foreign language]
Again, Guru Padmasambha is not just like that enlightenment of Guru Padmasambha and not just
kind of gradually become the Buddha. Guru Padmasambha is also known as the direct emanation of the
Buddha Amitabha. Buddha Amitabha and reincarnation of the Buddha Shattarman. And this is what Guru
Padmasambha himself said, and as well as all the prefections in the teaching. And as we learned,
so therefore, all this, we just kind of were telling these things, just remembering, remembering,
reconnecting by what precious Guru Padmasambha is and what special is. And that's what really,
so it is like direct emanation of Buddha Amitabha who came in this world, wanted to benefit to all
things, particularly to glorify the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamunis and the particular teaching
of the Vedaya of the Buddha Shakyamunis. That's what that really, Guru Padmasambha is.
Guru Padmasambha, Guru Padmasambha, is also known as the Vedaya of the Buddha Shakyamunis,
which is also known as the Vedaya of the Buddha Shakyamunis. Guru Padmasambha is also known as the
Vedaya of the Buddha Shakyamunis. Guru Padmasambha is also known as the Vedaya of the Buddha Shaky
amunis.
And again, this time, we had a wonderful opportunity to do practice on the Gopi and Masambha,
Sambha and particularly follow the teaching and the great practice of the Gopi and Masambha,
known as the Livedama. There are so many prayers to the Gopi and Masambha. There are so many
teachings and prayers to the Gopi and Masambha and life stories of the Gopi and Masambha. But
among all that, this Livedama practice, prayer, is considered like one of the very
blessed-for prayers. One of many Gopi and Masambha used to call the King of all prayers of the Gopi
and Masambha. Livedama is the King of all, among all prayers to the Gopi and Masambha. It is very
kind of renowned, powerful practices among all the private devotees of the Gopi and Masambha. It
is very, very special. And this is also said, and this is also uttered by the Gopi and Masambha,
his direct voice, and recorded that, and hidden. And after that, when he revere this teaching or
the great master, when he revere or the zapotrap, or when he revere this or raskar, after that,
how many great masters repeat this war again and again? So it is wars of the wisdom of so many
great
masters. Master continually reverberated in the space of Dharmadathu, one up another. Like hundreds
of thousands of the great enlightened beings, masters that we named, or you know, everyone
joined this. It's kind of like put in, put so many blessings, one up another to that, and receive
the
power continually blessed to that, one up another. So this is the most, one of the most really
powerful
practices. We had great opportunity to follow this teaching and this for one month. And then also,
they're not just only there, and this is kind of like a spontaneous, kind of accomplished,
organized situation. The ending of our retreat is such a beautiful day, and a very significant day
in the Gharapama symbols, some of the practices today is standard. It's not something that we
organized, thought to blame that, but it's really helping that. This year we practiced on the Tiki
Pacific Mall in Gharapama symbol, and dedicated then, and then also the kankaluri at this time,
is on this stage. So it just, I mean, all this, there's many stories and talk about, it is, it is
in that way, one way maybe we think, think is a little more superstitious thinking, but other way
it is true, true. And that's what it is, the superstitious is a true superstitious. So we feel
kind of so happy and excited, and feel it is some degree that is in the blessings of our all
devotion
to Gharapama symbol, we kankaluri that this is. And therefore, we're going to dedicate this
merit to all, so many beings having difficulty, couples, you know, everywhere, every country. And
then as well as all, we're going to dedicate it to all those great beings, the great leaders of the
world, who will bring the peace and happiness to the world, to every level, and a great
enlightenment,
a great mastery teacher. So really, any individual family member, we dedicated this merit to
everyone
to bring the joy and peace and happiness to fulfill. And then finally, our beautiful goal,
enlightenment, will become as in Gharapama symbol. So we dedicate that, those that have
kind of thought, with those beautiful and modulation, thought, and then going to give
the last missions of these seven chapters of practice. So please, present Gharapama symbol
and entitled "The Mandala" and all those Latinas as we follow.